docs: added rbd mirror crd documentation (#6083)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-rbd-mirror-crd.md

### Prerequisites

This guide assumes you have created a Rook cluster as explained in the main [Quickstart guide](ceph-quickstart.md)

## Settings

If any setting is unspecified, a suitable default will be used automatically.

### RBDMirror metadata

* `name`: The name that will be used for the Ceph RBD Mirror daemon.
* `namespace`: The Kubernetes namespace that will be created for the Rook cluster. The services, pods, and other resources created by the operator will be added to this namespace.

### RBDMirror Settings

* `count`: The number of rbd mirror instance to run.

> * `placement`: The mds pods can be given standard Kubernetes placement restrictions with `nodeAffinity`, `tolerations`, `podAffinity`, and `podAntiAffinity` similar to placement defined for daemons configured by the [cluster CRD](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/{{ branchName }}/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/cluster.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `placement`: The rbd mirror pods can be given standard Kubernetes placement restrictions with `nodeAffinity`, `tolerations`, `podAffinity`, and `podAntiAffinity` similar to placement defined for daemons configured by the [cluster CRD](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/{{ branchName }}/cluster/examples/kubernetes/ceph/cluster.yaml).
```

Author: @leseb Fixed, PTAL
